

## Research Statement

**Research Interests** <br>
My research focuses on developing effective messaging strategies for health and science information and understanding the mechanisms of how audiences process such messages. Utilizing my background in visual communication, I investigate whether the use of clear and effective visual images enhances communication processes. I believe the dissemination of scientific knowledge to the public has important implications for policymaking in our society because the public’s increased awareness and knowledge of health and scientific findings can contribute to creating healthy discourse about relevant topics (e.g., climate change, nanotechnology, vaccine safety). Over the past decade, concerns about being scientifically underinformed or misinformed, such as the issues of fake news and social media promotion of misinformation, have been growing. It is crucial we develop a strategy to ease the intensity, complexity, and intricacy of science and scientific findings so that the general public can comprehend the issues critical to a well-functioning society. 
<br>
**Overview of Previous Research** <br>
In pursuit of how scientific knowledge can be better communicated to news audiences, my master’s thesis project examined how implementation of infographics would influence audience responses to news stories about genetically modified (GM) products and bioengineering. The results showed that when participants read science news that employed infographics, they recalled more information and listed more message-specific thoughts than when they read traditional text-only news. This research expanded into my recent work on how message presentation types affect risk perception and attitudes toward GM foods. The results showed that photographs and infographics generally lowered risk perception and led individuals to perceive GM and non-GM foods more similarly regarding allergy, genetic change, and organ toxicity safety. In another recent study, I sought to investigate whether the inclusion of an exemplar (i.e., the addition of a race-matching photo and peers’ testimonial messages) would influence audience perceptions of clinical trial messages so that African Americans would form positive attitudes toward clinical trials, encouraging them to participate in future clinical trials. 
<br>
Moreover, I have investigated social media’s role in health and science communication. I published a refereed article (Jahng & Lee, 2019) analyzing how the Flint Water Study scientists communicated on Twitter during the lead contamination crisis. We found that the scientists maintained their identity as scientists on social media and that their social media posts were focused on pushing relevant scientific information and news content to Twitter followers to fill the information void and reduce uncertainty. I am currently working on a content analysis study  examining mental health posts the public encounters on Instagram, based on visual persuasion theory and social identity theory. 

**Dissertation Research**<br>
In my dissertation research, I address two specific questions: 
1)	How can we increase public engagement with science, and what are the potential message elements that we can employ to ease the public’s cognitive burden? 
2)	What psychological factors should be considered to increase science engagement? 
By its nature, science information is sophisticated and complex; thus it is difficult to deliver and understand. I hope that my dissertation research will advance our knowledge regarding how science information should be presented and delivered to the public who may have little scientific background knowledge.
<br>
Specifically, I will answer the questions by employing social scientific research methods eye-tracking measures along with self-reports in a media effects laboratory experiment setting. In the experiment, I will provide study participants with Facebook posts manipulated by different variables to test the questions. In particular, I will examine whether the presence of inoculation messages would enhance viewers’ cognitive and affective responses to and comprehension of scientific news. Utilizing inoculation theory (McGuire, 1964), which posits that preexposure to a weakened version of a message works in the same way as a vaccination, I explore whether preexposure to a message that answers misinformation (that is, inoculation treatment) can prevent the recipient from perceiving controversial information as complex. In addition, I examine whether the presence of a different number of popularity cues (e.g., number of likes) and different message presentation types (e.g., photographic and illustrative visual information) on social media can moderate the effects of inoculation messages. Further, by adopting motivated reasoning (Kunda, 1990), I include the level of individual difference (i.e., how people with different social, political, and/or religious values process new information or knowledge) as another variable to modulate message elements’ effects. 
<br>
To date, communication experts have believed that if members of the general public are provided with knowledge about scientific matters, their science literacy will increase, and they will adopt views consistent with experts’ views. However, recent science communication works point that communication messages cannot be the same for everybody, because people interpret and process new information based on their existing beliefs and worldviews. Therefore, science communication messages should consider the relevant beliefs that viewers already hold in addition to effective message features. Conceivably, the dissertation research findings can be an addition to the body of research that examines communication strategies, and thus enhance scientific information’s relevance to diverse audiences.
<br>
**Future Research Plan**<br>
Upon finishing my doctoral study, I will expand my dissertation research by applying my findings to different, broader scientific contexts beyond environment and health. For instance, due to the combination of specialization of certain areas and the absence of formal training in communication with lay audiences, researchers in science, technology, engineering, and math disciplines are especially considered as researchers with low public. I plan to conduct further research with more diverse populations in these scientific fields. I will also develop my research within a pedagogical context and have it become part of my teaching strategy. In the classroom, I plan to teach theory-based communication strategies for discussing research with nonscientific audiences. By involving storytelling and narratives in a new media setting, students will learn to talk about science (or related fields) with a variety of audiences. The findings from my dissertation on theory-based science communication strategies will guide my research and teaching plans so that the findings become more applicable to the real world.
<br>
<br>


[back](./)



